Image link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BE8sRb8hC-bsVyA2KJ42cs46bXWEbGFt/view?usp=drive_link

2 servers were added to allow for more traffic on the site.
Each server possesses a web server, appsever and database so there is redundancy in the network
A Load balancer is added to regulate the amount of incoming traffic on the servers.

Our load-balancer is using a Round Robin algorithm distribution. Meaning the queries requested are distributed 
to every server sequentially one after another. And after sending the request to the last server, the algorithm 
startarts from the first server. This will bring on average and approximately, to a server load distribution of 
50% on each of the two servers configuration.

Our load-balancer is enabling an Active-Active set up.
The Active-Active cluster is typically made up of at least two nodes, both activaley running the same type of 
services at the same time. Their purpose is to achieve load balancing by distributing tasks to different servers 
in order to prevent overload. As there are more than one servers (nodes) available to severe, the service time 
and process throughput can have improvements.

A database Primary-Replica (Master-Replica) is a mechanism which enables data of one database server (the master)
to be replicated or to be copied to one or more computers or database servers (the slaves), in order all users 
share the same level of information. This process leads to a distributed database in which users can quickly 
access data without interfering with each other.
The database replication process can either be synchronous or asynchronous. In the first one, the replication
process is done from the client server to the model server and then replicated to all the replica servers 
before the client is notified about the data replication. This method of replication may take longer to verify, 
however all data was copied before proceeding.

One of the main differences between the primary node and the replica node, regarding the application, is that the 
primary database is regarded as the authoritative source, while the replica database is synchronized to it. The
primary node serves as the keeper of information, here the “real” data is kept, then writing only happens here. 
On the other hand, reading only occurs in the replica or slave node. This architecture purpose is due to safeguard
site reliability. In case a site receives a lot of traffic, a replica node prevents overloading of the master 
node with reading and writing requests. This eases the load of the entire system preventing it to collapse.


ISSUES

THE SPOF is the load balancer.
The infrastrur=cture lacks security certification and firewall thus making it vulnerbale to phishing, loss of user
data, fraud attacks, MITM attacks, and unauthorized access.
It also lacks a monitoring system hece any failure will go unnoticed and may lead to further costs.

