Image link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BITjGxHfwnsI9IGZG6FXCtcj44W9H2be/view?usp=drive_link

The firewalls were added to monitor network traffic. it can be understood as a division or “wall” between a 
private network and public network which limits and blocks network traffic based on a set of security rules 
in the hardware or software by analyzing data packets that request entry to the network. 
Additionally, firewalls are used to allow remote access to a private network through secure authentication.


Monitoring is useed for quality control. It helps in maintaining the web components.

HTTPS stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure, and the
traffic is served in order to bring protection by using the secure port 443, which encrypts outgoing information.
Then it is more difficult to spy or get access to the site’s information.


How the monitoring tool is collecting data?

IT monitoring is composed of three parts: 1) Fundation; 2) Software, and 3) Interpretation in order to function.

Foundation: Are related to the infrastructure at its lowest layer of the software stack. This includes physical and virtual devices, such as servers, CPUs and VMs.
Software: The software is the monitoring section which analyzes what is happening in the devices (physical or virtual machines) in terms of CPU usage, load, memory, and running count.
Interpretation: Here is where collected data is turned into metrics and are presented through graphs or data charts (mostly on GUI dashboard). This is often integrated with tools of data visualization to help better understand and do data analytics of performance (Gillis, 2020).


Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS

Queries per second is a measure of the rate of traffic going in a particular server serving a Web domain. It is an important metric to monitor, because it can help you decide whether to scale the server in order to cope with the demand of usage, and resource requirement so the web page won’t collapse in the future with overload server request.
